## Identification of Students with Similar Performance in Micro-Learning Programming Courses with Automatically Evaluated Student Assignments 
The identification of heterogeneous and homogeneous groups of students using clustering analysis in learning analytics is still rare. The paper describes a study in which the student's performance data stored in the micro-learning platform Priscilla is analyzed using learning analytics methods. The study aims to identify the groups of students with similar performance in micro-learning courses focused on learning programming and uncover possible changes in the number and composition of identified groups of students. The CRISP-DM methodology was used to navigate through the complexity of the knowledge discovery process. Six different datasets representing different types of graded activities or term periods were prepared and analyzed for that purpose. The clustering analysis using the K-Means method found two clusters in all cases. Subsequently, performance metrics, the internal composition, and transfers of the students between clusters identified in different datasets were analyzed. As a result, the study confirms that analyzing student performance data from a micro-learning platform using learning analytics methods can reveal distinct groups of students with different academic performances, and these groups change over time. These findings align with teachers’ assumptions that the micro-learning platform with automated evaluation of programming assignments highlights how the students perceive the role of learning tools during learning programming in different term periods. Simultaneously, the study acknowledges that clustering as an exploratory method provides a solid basis for further research and can identify distinct groups of students with similar characteristics. 
